Adds new page with 4 best practices (#1079)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/how-to/best-practices-for-ipfs-builders.md

There are two versions of context identifiers (CIDs): CIDv0 and CIDv1.

CIDv0 is simpler but much less flexible than CIDv1. It doesn't offer the future-proof and case-insensitive addressing that CIDv1 offers. Many of the existing IPFS tools still generate CIDs in v0. You can quickly tell the difference between v0 and v1 CIDs since v0 CIDs always start with `Qm`.

<!-- TODO: add examples -->

Some features use CIDv1 by default:

- `files` ([Mutable File System](file-systems.md#mutable-file-system-mfs))
- `object` operations

We recommend you use CIDv1 when you want:

- future-proof addressing
- case-insensitive addressing

To opt in, use the `--cid-version` flag in the CLI: 

```shell
ipfs add --cid-version 1
```

For more information on content addressing and CID versions, see [Content Addressing and CIDs](https://docs.ipfs.io/concepts/content-addressing/#content-addressing-and-cids).

## Enable pubsub if you need fast IPNS

Pubsub is one of the available options for configuring your IPFS node. It allows you to publish and subscribe to messages on a given topic. Pubsub is an experimental feature and it should not be used in a production environment. It is disabled by default.  

> To use this feature, use the `--enable-pubsub-experiment` option when starting the IPFS daemon:
> 
> ```shell
> ipfs --enable-pubsub-experiment
> ```
> 
> See [IPFS pubsub](../reference/cli/#ipfs-pubsub) for more information on the available subcommands.

Reviewer: While the `--enable-pubsub-experiment` works, we now have a proper configuration key, which provides better experience:

````suggestion
To use this feature, enable  `Ipns.UsePubsub` config flag before starting the IPFS daemon:

```shell
ipfs config --json Ipns.UsePubsub true
ipfs daemon
```

From now on, IPNS will be resolved using both DHT and pubsub. Be mindful, that this is still an experimental feature, with known limitations listed [here](https://github.com/ipfs/go-ipfs/blob/master/docs/experimental-features.md#ipns-pubsub).

See [`ipfs name pubsub --help](../reference/cli/#ipfs-name-pubsub) for more information on the available subcommands.
````

If you expect your data churn to be high, you may want to enable garbage collection to reclaim memory occupied by objects that are no longer in use.

However, you may also have data that you value. To make sure that you keep data that is valuable to you, pin the valued data. The following pages are useful for learning how pinning works:

- [Persistence, permanence, and pinning](../concepts/persistence/#persistence-permanence-and-pinning)
- [Pinning in context](../concepts/persistence/#pinning-in-context)
- [Pin files using IPFS](./how-to/pin-files/#three-kinds-of-pins).

Then you can safely enable garbage collection for all other data. See:
- [Garbage collection](../concepts/persistence/#garbage-collection)
- [api/v0/repo/gc](../reference/http/api/#api-v0-repo-gc)

## Use subdomain gateways or DNSLink when publishing apps for secure context and origin isolation

To prevent one website from improperly accessing HTTP session data associated with a different website, use a:

- subdomain gateway, or
- DNSLink

For more information on security and gateways, take a look at these pages:

> - [Violation of same-origin policy](../concepts/ipfs-gateway/#limitations-and-potential-workarounds)
> -[Subdomain gateway](./how-to/address-ipfs-on-web/#subdomain-gateway)
> -[DNSLink gateway](./how-to/address-ipfs-on-web/#http-gateways)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Violation of same-origin policy](../concepts/ipfs-gateway/#limitations-and-potential-workarounds)
- [Subdomain gateway](./how-to/address-ipfs-on-web/#subdomain-gateway)
- [DNSLink gateway](./how-to/address-ipfs-on-web/#http-gateways)
```

- [IPFS Desktop](../install/ipfs-desktop/#ipfs-desktop)
- [/api/v0/add](..//reference/http/api/#api-v0-add), where the `cid-version` defaults to 0 unless an option that depends on CIDv1 is passed.

Some features use CIDv1 by default:

- `files` ([Mutable File System](../concepts/file-systems/#mutable-file-system-mfs))
- `dag` operations ([ipfs object](https://docs.ipfs.io/reference/cli/#ipfs-dag))

Use CIDv1 when you want:

- future-proof addressing: CIDv1 provides leading identifiers, such as [multicodec](https://github.com/multiformats/multicodec), which indicate the format of the target content so that the CID can support future CID formats.
- case-insensitive addressing for more flexibility

To opt in, use the `--cid-version` flag in the CLI:

```shell
ipfs add --cid-version 1
```

To convert a CID from v0 to v1, see [CID conversion](https://docs.ipfs.io/concepts/content-addressing/#cid-conversion).

For more information on content addressing and CID versions, see [Content Addressing and CIDs](../concepts/content-addressing/#content-addressing-and-cids).

## Enable pubsub for fast IPNS

> As a standalone feature, `pubsub` is a way to publish and subscribe to messages. However, within `ipns`, you can use it to accelerate  publishing and resolution of IPNS records. Within IPNS, `pubsub` calls both the topic and the DHT (Distributed Hash Table) key of the IPNS. Pubsub is an experimental feature, so use it with care. It's disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a standalone feature, `pubsub` is a way to publish and subscribe to messages. However, within `ipns`, you can use it to accelerate  publishing and resolution of IPNS records. Pubsub is an experimental feature, so use it with care. It's disabled by default.
```
